Add stackblitz links and info to issue template (#72)
Shopify/hydrogen-ui: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**To Reproduce**

> Please use our NextJS issue template here: [![Open in StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/fork/github/shopify/hydrogen-ui/tree/main/apps/nextjs?file=pages%2Findex.tsx)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please use our NextJS stackblitz template to create a [minimal, reproducible example](https://stackoverflow.com/help/minimal-reproducible-example). Get started by clicking the button below:
[![Open in StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/fork/github/shopify/hydrogen-ui/tree/main/apps/nextjs?file=pages%2Findex.tsx)
```

A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**To Reproduce**

> 

Reviewer 2: What do you think about switching the order around like this?

**To Reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behavior:

Go to '...'
Click on '....'
Scroll down to '....'
See error

If you're using Hydrogen UI with NextJS, you can use our template to create a [minimal, reproducible example](https://stackoverflow.com/help/minimal-reproducible-example). Get started by clicking the button below:
[![Open in StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/fork/github/shopify/hydrogen-ui/tree/main/apps/nextjs?file=pages%2Findex.tsx)
